Welcome to RubyKickstart!
=

    http://github.com/JoshCheek/JoshsRubyKickstart

RubyKickstart is an interactive guide to learning the Ruby programming language.
By providing all of our notes and examples in real Ruby program files, you can see exactly how
everything looks and works in the code itself.

How it works
=

RubyKickstart is downloaded onto your computer as a folder full of files and folders, which can be later
updated from our github website using the git version control software. It consists of chapters, all which
have common features:

  Notes
  ---
Each chapter has a notes file, which is just a Ruby program that's heavily commented to walk
through the material of that chapter. It's where you should start each time you open a new chapter.

  Examples
  ---
Examples are full Ruby programs that demonstrate the material taught in the notes. You can run them
on your own and modify them to experiment with the ideas they demonstrate.

  Challenges
  ---
Challenges are found in each chapter. They provide fun programming exercises for you to work through,
in order to give you something to write with all of your new knowledge from the chapter.

  Solved & Specs 
  ---
Along with challenges, each chapter provides solutions to its challenges and 
a suite of automated tests you can use to test your solutions.

  Cheatsheets
  ---
Although not part of the chapters, RubyKickstart has a number of cheatsheets which contain all the syntax
for various topics. Some of the material in the cheatsheets is not covered in the notes or examples for chapters,
so make sure you check out the cheatsheets before diving into the challenges.


What you'll need to use it 
=

 To use RubyKickstart, you'll need several tools:

   The Ruby programming language
   ---

   RSpec
   ---

   git
   ---
   